OBSDOCS#256: document UWM overrideHonorLabels behavior (#70004)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/monitoring-creating-cluster-id-labels-for-metrics.adoc

For default platform monitoring, you add cluster ID labels for metrics in the `write_relabel` settings for remote write storage in the `cluster-monitoring-config` config map in the `openshift-monitoring` namespace.

For user workload monitoring, you edit the settings in the `user-workload-monitoring-config` config map in the `openshift-user-workload-monitoring` namespace.

[NOTE]
====

> By design, the user workload monitoring Prometheus resource has the value of the `overrideHonorLabels` field set to `true`. 

Reviewer: This is mostly implementation details. I'm not sure that it brings value to the reader.

Author: Deleted

> This setting configures Prometheus to prepend labels in the scraped data with an `exported_<namespace-value>` value for all targets created from service monitors and pod monitors for user workload monitoring. This behavior ensures that namespace label values are always included in a label. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Prometheus scrapes user workload targets exposing a "namespace" label, it stores this label as `exported_namespace` . This behavior ensures that the final "namespace" label value is equal to the namespace of the target pod.
```

Author: Revised per your suggestion.

> You cannot override this default configuration by setting the value of the `honorLabels` field to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot override this default configuration by setting the value of the `honorLabels` field to `true` in the PodMonitor or ServiceMonitor object.
```

Author: Added.
